The global fashion industry is valued at three trillion dollars and accounts for 2 percent of the world's
GDP the fashion industry is undergoing a dramatic transformation by adopting new computer vision and
machine learning and deep learning techniques.
In this case study we'll look at a hypothetical situation.
We assume that if a retailer hired you to build a virtual stylist assistant that looks at customer Instagram
and Facebook images and classifies what fashion category they are wearing either bags dresses and pants.
The virtual assistant can help the retailer detect and forecast fashion trends and launch targeted marketing
campaigns.
In this story we're going to use the fashion immanence data.
It's a data set that contains images of bags shoes and dresses.
And we're asking the deep network to classify the images into 10 classes.
Let's take a quick look at what I mean by this.
So let's take a look at what we wanted to build.
All right.
So we wanted to build kind of an app per se or a model.
OK.
They can look at images and can tell us exactly what category in this image.
Is it like a short.
Is it a bag.
Is it like a hat.
And so on.
So you guys can see here and it's kind of an image you know of like a model right here.
And as you can see we wanted our machine learning or learning model to actually tell us OK this is actually
short.
And then here this kind of a bag this kind of a dress.
OK.
That's the whole objective.
So we wanted to build kind of a kind of a model OK or artificial intelligence based deep learning model
that can classifies images to different categories or different classes.
OK.
So what's the objective of this.
One of the main objectives of this is that once we do once we do that once we classify for example that
this human being for instance of it's like customer loves for example dresses OK.
So that means we can do kind of targeted marketing to that specific customer.
So for example if we classify this for example you know like lady loves let's say blue dresses then
we can target different blue dresses to her.
You know maybe of different texture different material and so on so forth is a lot of ideas that can
be built around that.
OK.
Obviously in this case study we're just going to assume a very simple example that we have just grayscale
images and we wanted to classify these grayscale images into 10 classes and categories.
I'm going to dig into the data a little bit deeper as we move forward.
All right.
So a prime example of what we're going to be building is what we call the Amazon echo looks style assistant.
Right.
And I'm going to leave you for kind of a one minute video that shows you pretty much like the essence
of what we wanted to build in a much much simpler for.
Right.
And afterwards we're going to cover how to scribe the problem in a machine learning terms.
OK.
I hope you guys enjoy the video and see you in the next section.
Lexa going to rain tonight.
Look at what's on my calendar.
Got to turn the lights off.
OK.
Alexa helps with thousands of things and now she can help you look your best.
Alexa take a photo.
Introducing a first of its kind go with a hands free camera.
A look takes photos using just your voice.
It's built in lighting and depth sensing camera lets you blur the backgrounds to make sure your options
pop giving you claim full length photos that are easy to share with friends.
Plus get a live view or take videos to see yourself from every angle.
Take a video.
We've also created an easy way to get a second opinion.
Introducing style.
It combines the best in machine learning with advice from fashion specialists.
Just pick two outfits and style check will give you a recommendation based on current trends and what
flatters you.
Alexa can also help you create a personal look book.
It shows you what you want and when you can keep track of your favorites and take your closet with you
wherever you go.
Alexa what's my career the fastest route.
Takes about 15 minutes.
Plus Alexa is built in the cloud and always getting smart and so eco.
Love your luck every day.